---
title: "Second (Year)"
date: 2023-08-28T12:00:00Z
draft: false
summary: ""
---
I should mention that as I write this, I’m missing today’s EM Lecture. About last week. We just discussed how it seems like 1-2 never ended. I sort of get why college gives a two month break after every year, and the effects are showing. I don’t have any aversion to the courses I have this semester, yet there’s this. 

There is this lingering sense of tiredness which carried over from last semester. It’s not very prevalent, but it shows. It shows in the way I don’t want to talk to people sometimes. I feel burnt out. There’s an air of seriousness, at least for me. This isn’t to say that life is bad, it’s just a murky tepid flow. I fear life ahead in general will be like this. Not hard, but not easy either. It’s to say that there is high chance of being lazy and not working, but if you get down to work, sigh. There’s a lot of work to be done.

That being said, the past week was nice. I have a lot of backlog, but it’s been nice talking to juniors and walking on terraces with friends. Yes, there’s a lot of work to be done but that’s as always. I feel I’m going around in circles. Last semester I wondered a lot about friends and relationships, and this semester I see it happen. I see why people grow apart. Or so I think. We’re not going back to the “I feel disconnected with reality” agenda. I’d rather say I feel disappointed. Maybe we do expect a lot from each other, and expectations aren’t something we can afford in this economy.