---
title: "Ending Again"
date: 2024-05-03T12:00:00Z
draft: false
summary: "" 
---
It's been a long time since I wrote here. Months actually. I meant to write more all through the semester, and kept forgetting. A lot has transpired, mostly for the good. Life is good, life is fun. I love my friends and I love the people around me so much. I genuinely think that this college has been such a nice phase of my life. I might as well call 2-2 the best semester ever. It's that phase where I have settled in college, where the rat inside me has found the warm, and damp nooks and crannies of solace. 

PS: May 10th: I slept off writing the previous paragraph.

## May 11th - May 18th

I’ve started listening to music lesser and lesser. Maybe it’s because I have more commitments in life, and lesser time to be jobless and sad, lesser time for sad girl starter pack by Spotify. I have a final in around 40 minutes. I think I’ll continue writing this after it ends.

Well, it is ending. It really is funny how I simply do not want to study anymore. 

This is the first time these finals that I actually have zero motivation to study. I can’t, for the life of me, pick up a pen and solve a question. I have a big paper in around an hour, and the marks of another course just came out. Correction: marks for two courses just came out. 

That might have been the second worst paper I’ve had the pleasure of writing in this college. Well, all things go. I think, no, I decided last night to let go of the imaginary number I was expecting my CGPA to be after this semester. I think I’ll try out studying just to study, and give the paper to my best. Funny how you revert to the base principles once faced with a problem. Ideal of me to think of this only when I have one electronics related paper left. Into F107 again.

It's over. Best semester ever. 