---
title: "Yournal Klub"
date: 2025-10-05T12:00:00Z
draft: false
summary: ""
---

## Please Read This At The Very Least (Prologue)
I figured I should document what I decided to do in my tenure as the representative of the club. This was written a few months after I passed the baton to the next secretary, but my inflated ego seems to believe that it would be useful for future office members.

I think I will write about the bold and outlandish takes before I explain my reasoning for them. Assuming you guys open this in Google Docs, you can navigate to the bottom of the document if you want to read the boring parts.

## Some Important Sentences And What Can You Do To Help (assuming someone from CoreComm or office reads this)

- You are important to the club.
- This is not a club, it's THE club for you and all the members.
- It's okay to kick members out of the club.
- You HAVE to go to the meet.
- Maintain standards.
- You have to like juniors and make them know each other.
- Make the next guy’s job a bit easier.
- You’re the club’s mom now.
- Everyone is a bad manager. You cannot be one.
- You pay a price. Time. CG. Money. There is no other option.
- You need to be best friends with the office and CoreComm people.
- Never underestimate the power of big shiny ANC treats.
- PR is your worst enemy and your best friend.
- Never ever introduce a PR team to the club.
- Praise goes a long way compared to critique and fun.
- State Sponsored Mandatory Fun Club Activities.
- Clubs are objectively a bad decision. Make it seem like they’re fun.
- Change stuff if it doesn’t work. Switch platforms. It’s okay.

I think that’s enough sentences for now. Live by these sentences.

## Some Takes That Would Get Me Shot In The Head

The campus audience is no worse than me. They cannot read or write. Let’s be honest, most of us don’t want to read or write at times. What do we want to do? Fun stuff. That’s about it. Please do whatever you think is fun, and don’t ever force anyone to do something for the sake of tradition. I’m about to heavily contradict this statement soon. Most of the things we currently do are partly because we’ve been doing them for years, and also because people have found them fun. If you lose out on the fun aspect of it, it’s okay to not do them anymore.

SUC Report Cards are always delayed because one ex-SUC-member cannot schedule a meeting to save their life. It’s okay if we don’t do them. It’s okay if Meta Business Suite is too hard to maintain. Nuke it. Stay on Instagram and Wordpress, make a campus app. Similarly, on the flip side, if you want, take 2 months for an interview. Take a whole semester for a fun project if it's worth the effort.

It’s okay if we’re just the VidJo and Gazette club. Standalones should be fun. I know people do not work, but that does not mean we force work upon them. You can only force people to work for something once they themselves volunteer/sign up for it. Remind them to hell. Send them to the pits of ping despair on groups. Make sure they do work. But only once they say “Hi yeah this is fun I wanna do this.” Once they do that, it's a free game. Unfortunately, people do not say that themselves. Get them to meet, bombard them with talk about how we do XYZ and it is fun, and they themselves will sign up for work. You are the steering wheel of this car.

I have seen enough of this campus to love it, to hate it, and to oscillate between all the stupid emotions one can feel. I think that JC members are a small part of this campus who will stand up and have something of note to contribute. Don’t lose this. Don’t lose your juniors, be friends with them. I can name a lot of clubs and specific batches who lost club culture because they were too involved with themselves.

## Hello Office

There’s a reason you're appointed caretakers of the club. I hope you understand that there is a buy-in. There’s a buy-in from everyone - members, CoreComm, and you. There is an amount of time, money, energy, effort and CG that you probably put on the line when you sign up for this. We are all bad managers. College is a lesson in how not to be one.

I think the hardest thing you have to manage is how to be scary, approachable and fun at the same time. You have to make sure people attend meets because they are scared of you, but you have to be approachable about issues. The way you talk in the meeting should be fun, so that people volunteer for work. I do not miss this part of the job. 

I am sorry but you will now write less. Get used to google sheets, docs, groups, work and meetings. This is not to say that you cannot contribute to the club anymore: but you should do only as much as you need to. The rest will come from the other 90% of the club. As the office, if you pick up a junior’s job, you deprive them of the experience. You’re here because you have already done that job before. You’re the one leaving the car last, closing all doors. It is unfortunate that our managers have to be the best artists. It is unfortunate that you will be best at your job when it ends, and you will have to hand it over to someone inexperienced. But this is how we make sure the club runs.

## Hello CoreComm (Hello Office Again)

We need to get people to work. We need to make people seem like they’re in charge of something without creating a rigid infrastructure that forces tradition and set work. You are how we do it. CoreComm members have the second highest buy-in to the club, but also the hardest. Your simple job is to be present. If someone posts an article in work chat, I expect six out of the ten people in CoreComm to review and comment on it. 

You’re the more capable members of the club, and we trust you more. It’s fundamental to how teams work. Some of you might not output in the same way a very active member does. Maybe one of you drifts away from the club and does not talk anymore. But please, be present for the club at meets and outings. Be a part of it, and not a chat member.  

I know how fucking annoying making a post is. You’ve to handle Meta Business Suite, Shoutbox, FEG, Instagram, Wordpress, WhatsApp, Intra-Club and what not. If you have issues and if we aren’t doing well, speak up. Maybe we’ll benefit from an only Instagram-Wordpress-CampusApp system. Your job is to be the person who speaks up, who changes the club for the better.

I think I want to talk about teaching. A lot of my time in the club passed in teaching new methods to the club, coming up with some sort of a structure for the club. It’s the most worthwhile thing you can do, and this is more specifically directed towards the Gazette, VidJo and HoBPHC leads. You are the part of the club that requires the most passing down, and I hope you do that well. It’s okay if the gazette is all noir and black and white. It’s fun if the new HoBPHC is a video interview. It’s fine if VidJo is just one project per semester but is something groundbreaking. Keep innovating, but keep it genuine and worthwhile. Do not do work for the sake of it, but for the fun you will have.

I do not know how to convince you of the fact that you guys are the coolest people I have had the honor of working with. All I can ask of you is to make sure every member in the club knows that they are too, and that they are important.

## I Am A Fraud (Why am I in JC?)

I’ll be honest. I joined JC because just over three years ago, I talked to some people who I thought were very cool, and they were members of JC. That prompted me to apply for the club. That, and the JC Spotify playlist of songs to listen to while coming to campus. Over the years, I’ve grown a distaste for playlists. The only playlists I’ll endure are the ones JC makes for the gazette and other magazines, unfortunately I cannot subject my ears and brain to listen to another playlist. I wanted to do cool things in a club, and I thought JC would have cool people to do them with.

It is no secret that I have not written the most as a part of the club. I think this document might be my actual only standalone. I have dedicated more time to this club than I have to any job or any other work till now. My biggest worry when I became secretary was that I had no 22 to back me or to contradict me. I did not want the club to be only my thoughts, my view of this campus. I hope that is not the case, and that the club is something more. This is me handing the club over to you. I think I would be very sad if nothing comes of my time in the club. I don’t think anything bad should happen, but if time goes on, and things are not the same anymore, I’d understand. It might even be inevitable. 


## Best Fucking Club Ever (What I think JC is)

Journal Club is the press, reporting, writing and media club of BITS Pilani, Hyderabad Campus. People can state otherwise, but this does encompass all we have done and all we are attempting to do. We write on things we want to, opinion or report based, maybe satire, maybe controversial. We make documentaries on cool stuff. We make fun magazines, nice merch, and conduct events during the cultural fest.

I have met wonderful people in the club, through the club. This is what I consider, or what people before me have considered to be the standard of the club. The simple fact that one can talk within the club to find similar opinions, or opposing ones willing to debate them. I think the one rule that I would like to make sure is enforced over the years is that we maintain this standard of people whose views and ideas match with the members of the club.


## Top One Fraudulent Candidate For Secretary (Why I ran for office)

I think my batch was probably not the best to have been in the club. I had vehemently maintained for all of second year that I would not run for office. For some stupid reason, near the end of my second year, I decided otherwise. There was no logical reason for me to have run for the position. Before being elected as secretary, I had gone to a total of one (1) JC outing, maybe not even a real one. I am a fraudulent secretary. Maybe I thought the club was worth my time.  Whatever the reason, we are here now.Over the last few years, I realised there’s more to a club than just events, hype, and afterparties. 


## Concorde, We’re Old Now (Epilogue)

I think I can best describe my tenure as repair. The gazette is a bi-semesterly occurrence now. I love the juniors taking care of Humans of BPHC. Bhatia will probably shoot me in the head someday, but VidJo is a real thing now. People want to write standalones on their own now.  The club is defined by the work we do over the year. A lot of it might change over the years, but I like to believe that some core identity remains over the years. 

I think the club is now in good hands to go next year, and is what I thought Journal Club would be when I joined back in 2022. I hope people joining the club now can do the fun things I thought I would do. As for after my tenure, thank you, Siddharth, Rishit, Chaitra, and Athithan, I love you guys so much.

I might add more to this later. I know I have been vague. I would love any member of the club, if you ever want my help.
